DOC Add Exponentiated Gradient in reductions.rst (#1353)
fairlearn/fairlearn: docs/user_guide/mitigation/reductions.rst

.. note::

>     In the example above the :code::class:BoundedGroupLoss` object does not use the

Reviewer: The syntax looks off. Or does this work?

Reviewer 2: oh my, that is some weird editor hiccup that I didn't catch somehow by checking the diff. very likely a misplaced paste :S. it should just stay as it was for now :) thanks for catching it!

    detected by :code:`gamma` is identical to the mean absolute error.

Exponentiated Gradient
----------------------

> The ExponentiatedGradient algorithm in Fairlearn is used to produce models that 

Reviewer: Not: use rest syntax, like elsewhere in this file for classes.

satisfy fairness constraints without needing access to sensitive features at deployment time.
This algorithm creates a sequence of re-weighted datasets and retrains the 
wrapped classifier on each of these datasets.
To instantiate an ExponentiatedGradient model, you need to pass in a base estimator 
and fairness constraints. The fairness constraints can be specified using an epsilon value,
which represents the maximum allowed difference or ratio between the largest and smallest value.

Here is an example of how to instantiate an ExponentiatedGradient model:

> .. doctest:: mitigation_reductions

Reviewer 3: Instead of encapsulating inside `get_expgrad_models_per_epsilon`, let's just present this as a script. First, you could just call ` exp_grad_est.fit()`. Then report (or possibly plot) the (test or train) performance (in terms of accuracy and fairness) of the resulting ensemble, based on the predictions produced by `exp_grad_est.predict()`.

Then in the second part of the example, you can extract predictors `exp_grad_est.predictors_` and plot fairness vs accuracy of the individual models in the ensemble using [plot_model_comparison()](https://fairlearn.org/v0.10/api_reference/generated/fairlearn.metrics.plot_model_comparison.html)--perhaps also adding the ensemble predictions.

    detected by :code:`gamma` is identical to the mean absolute error.

Exponentiated Gradient
----------------------

The :class:`ExponentiatedGradient` algorithm in Fairlearn is used to produce models that
satisfy fairness constraints without needing access to sensitive features at deployment time.
This algorithm creates a sequence of re-weighted datasets and retrains the
wrapped classifier on each of these datasets.
To instantiate an :class:`ExponentiatedGradient` model, we need to pass in a base estimator

> and fairness constraints. The fairness constraints can be specified using an epsilon value,
> which represents the maximum allowed difference or ratio between the largest and smallest value.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
and fairness constraints. The fairness constraints are typically specified by providing
an upper bound on the difference (or the ratio) between the largest and the smallest
value of some statistic (like a false positive rate) across all groups. This bound is
often referred to as epsilon.
```
